Remove workaround for chef bug in git resource (fixes #289) (#296)
chef-rbenv/chef-rbenv: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> **NOTE:** Some Chef version >=16 and <16.4.41 have a bug in the git resource causing some failues (see [#289](https://github.com/sous-chefs/ruby_rbenv/issues/289)). If you experience any troubles please try a more recent version of Chef 16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Some Chef versions (>= 16 and < 16.4.41) have a bug in the git resource causing some failures (see [#289](https://github.com/sous-chefs/ruby_rbenv/issues/289)). If you experience any troubles please try a more recent version of Chef 16.
```

Author: Fixed it in changelog and readme. thanks my engrish good today not 😛
